(gentle music)
Okay, in this video we're gonna look
at the configuration to set up code coverage using Code Cov,
I think that's how you say it, the website.
So what we want to do is in our CI builds,
is to start generating code coverage.
And it's slightly different than the Maven configuration,
because we are using Gradle here
and we had to change a couple minor things.
So the first thing that we need to do is in Gradle,
on line 19 here, is to apply the plugin for jacoco.
So that is going to give us the code coverage capabilities.
And then the next thing that we need to do
is come down here and export the test coverage.
So you do have a Gradle goal of jacocoTestReport,
and this is gonna enable the reports
for the XML and HTML reports,
so we want those getting exported.
Now the next that we need to do
is just a real small change here in our CircleCI.
What's important here is that we are running the Gradle goal
of jacocoTestReport,
and you can see that there on line 42.
And then finally that's gonna run normally,
but what we wanna do here on line 57
is call this comand here
to get the test reports up to CodeCov.
So this is a command to do that.
It's a little bash, it's a curl script,
and it kind of is like a webhook essentially,
that says "Hey, go get the test results here."
And then we can see that over here
and this here is actually in CodeCov,
I think that's how they say it,
codecov.io, however they say that,
and then this gives us our code coverage
that we can see and right now
we can go in and see our coverage.
So 100%, that's pretty solid.
General rule of thumb, like to get in between 75% to 90%.
You can go overboard with it, but obviously our services,
they probably could use some help.
Yeah, our ingredient and services could use
a little better test coverage there,
but overall, we've got pretty good coverage in our project,
so maybe we'll look at adding some test in that
in the very near future.
Now, the other thing is
we do have the code coverage badge here.
I'm gonna show you how to get that as well.
You come in here, and go to project, and go to Settings,
and then you can click on Badge,
and this gives you the different options there,
so you can literally just copy to your clipboard
and then come over and go to your README file,
and it is this line on line 3
that is giving the CodeCov badge
there in your GitHub repository.